I want you to execute the following:
1. Create an architecture for a nuxt web app that can integrate spring boot APIs later on, understand that i have never worked on a nuxt app.
2. Make sure of the following things
   a. The project structure follows international standards
   b. Follows SOLID principles, if required
   c. An SEO first approach is taken
   d. Make sure to add comments to emphasize the importance of what things actually matter for SEO.
   e. The SEO is really important for this project so make sure it is done properly
   f. Make sure the folder structure defines clearly , the naming convention should be perfect and make sure the name of each file defines
      clearly what it does.
   g. For now you can use random colors , but it should suit the service. That we are creating
   h. In most cases the colors assets and everything is kept separately, so you can do that too.
   i. Lets suppose the project includes some images , you can use placeholders for the images instead.
   j. Make a simple api call structure, dont call anything but just create the structure, with baseurl and everything required, make sure to
      follow industry standard patterns and libraries.
   l. We will also be creating an admin side later on, just create the structure for it, nothing more then that, so that its possible in future easily.
   L. Make sure the app is mobile friendly, and mention in comments in every file which makes it possible.
   m. At the end create a txt file name project structure in which its mentioned which things matter for SEO, which things make mobile friendly UI possible, explain the folder structure in it and the libraries utilized.
   n. For each task make sure to use the latest libraries.   
   o. Make sure that you dont utilize more tokens then necessary. Dont explain anything just code, and create the txt file at the most end and also make that explanation of each thing is very concise and visual. You have to be token efficient, again do not explain anything while coding, just write the code and at the end explain in txt file according to the rules i have defined.                                                                        
 
3. Now we will talk about what you are supposed to create.

   Let me first tell you what the website is for, its to book cab service in Barcelona spain, it can be from airport to anywhere in Barcelona or any other city it can also be from within city to within city or to another city,
   a. Its just gonna be 3 navigable pages with minimum styling.
   b. The first page is homepage, the sites domain name is stwmovers.com.
   c. On the homepage the user can select pickup and drop off point, and time of pickup, also date.
   d. The location input can use any API but the locations will be limited to spain.
   e. On entering all the fields which are all required, the book now button beside it will be enabled.
   f. On clicking book now, the user will be navigated to the next page which will have a list of cars and prices.
   g. The webpages will have a whats app plugin on clicking the whats app button the user will be able to go to whats app.
   h. On the car list page the user can select any car and all the information from the previous page will be available on next page.
   i. There is a make payment button the user will be navigate to whats app , and all the information with it will be taken to whats app as a message the price pickup location drop off location date and time, and the user can then send the message. 
   j. For now everything is static.